NAMESPACE   NAME     READY   STATUS             RESTARTS          AGE
default     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
default     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
e-34        nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-1      nginx1   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   478 (2m33s ago)   40h
exam-1      nginx2   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   478 (96s ago)     40h
exam-23     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-23     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-24     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-26     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-26     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-27     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-28     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-28     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-29     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-29     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-30     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-30     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-35     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-36     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-37     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 6m3s
exam-37     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 5m55s
exam-38     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-38     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-40     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-40     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-44     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 39h
exam-45     nginx1   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   469 (89s ago)     39h
exam-45     nginx2   0/1     Error              469 (5m13s ago)   39h
exam-46     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-49     nginx1   1/1     Running            0                 40h
exam-49     nginx2   1/1     Running            0                 40h
